at created sales company located in
Columbia Falls Montana we've been making
quality products right here in the US
since 1980 we are proud to bring you the
all new all-in-one crooner knife and
tool sharpener sharpening a bypass
pruner Locker just got a lot easier
we've designed a sharpener specifically
for those hard to sharp garden tools
other sharp ears have never been able to
reach all the way into the tool to
sharpen the entire blade so the only way
to get them sharp was to dismantle the
tool the all-in-ones curved recess
allows the entire blade to be sharpened
without having to take the tool apart
with its high-quality carbide inserts
and free set sharpening angles you'll
get a perfect edge every time to sharpen
a bypass pruner hold the sharpener firm
look placing your column thumbless
position the sharpener at the heel of
the blade with the carbide sharpening
insert against the beveled edge of the
blade the preset guide angle will
provide a perfect beveled edge every
time place the sharpener on an even
stable surface allowing the tip to hang
over the edge approximately 1 inch apply
downward pressure and draw the sharpener
over the blade from heel to point using
slow even strokes repeat as necessary
until desired sharpest is achieved
sharpening a knife has never been so
easy ensure that you were using the side
of the sharpen put two carbide inserts
that form of beef grip the sharpener
firmly widget thumb on the thumb nose
place the knife on a stable surface with
the edge facing up apply downward
pressure and draw the sharpener smoothly
over the blade from point to point
repeating the process until desired
sharpness is achieved to sharpen
scissors place the sharpener on an even
stable surface with the scissor
sharpening recess facing upwards
position the sharpener so that hangs
slightly over the edge of the surface
applying even downward pressure drop the
scissors slowly through the sharpener
from yields point until desired
sharpness is achieved repeat this
process with the other blade the preset
angle will ensure a precisely beveled
edge to sharpen an ax or other similar
double bevel tool first secure the tool
in a vise grip the sharpener firmly with
your thumb on the thumb nest using the
sharpener with two carbide inserts
forming a V place the sharpener at the
far end of the blade and draw it towards
using slow even strokes be sure to
always draw the sharpener in the same
direction
repeat this process is necessary until
your desired sharpness is cheap
to sharpen single-sided blades such as
long or blade first secure the blade in
a vise grip the sharpener firmly with
your thumb on the thumb rest using the
side of the sharpener with a single
carbide insert and positioning guide
with the carbide insert against the
beveled edge of the blade place the
sharpener at the middle of the blade and
draw towards the end using smooth even
strokes repeat this process until
desired sharpness is achieved